Project Name: The Third Wheel 

Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.

This project consists of a short video, accompanied by a website that invites its visitors to learn more about the movie, cast, and watch trailer. 
Since the Communications Lab course started from a discussion of the consequenses of new social media stadards on today's world, my video 
was designed to show a negative perspictive on the presence of social media in our lives. The idea of the short movie is to show that peopple's 
personal space is being ingnored by soccial media to such extent that the social media itself becomes "a third wheel" in the relationship between the two. 

At the beginning of the project, I was hoping to get a solid idea of how the proccess of website creation look is like from the scratch to the end. 
Frankly speaking, I did not plan to dive that deep and learn how to implement java script. I was initially thinking that my experience will mostly be 
focused on the html and CSS features. Overall, I greatly enjoyed working on this assignment, especially seeing how a few strings of code 
result in an appearance of visual objects on the page. The excitement that cwas coming from this activity motivated me to learn more.

 However, it turned out that web design has some drawbacks. More explicitly, it is the situations when a small typing mistake was done and it would require 
going through the code very attentively or inspecting the elements usind advanced settings. This process can be quite daunting, especially when the mistake is not obvious. 
Whenever something goes wrong, I become very disappointed and start blaming myself. Therefore, while working on this assignment, I challenged my patience and 
learned to work conscientiously to get a satisfying result. 

Process: How did you go about implementing the concept.

The main topic of my movie was romantic relationship between a man and a woman. In order to set the right mood of the website which would tell its visitors about 
the idea of the movie, I decided to choose a monochromatic color palette based on the shades of pink. I made such decision because love and relationships are historically 
associated with hearts and pink color. 

The first implementation was creating the wireframe in Adobe XD. This step was crucial as it gave me a good understanding of which CSS features I will need to use
to recreate the wireframe on my website. The second step consisted of developing a code in html and CSS. Following the romantic concept, 
I implemented a hover feature that changes the actor's picture to the gif that has moving hearts. 

As soon as the website started to look similar to the wireframe, I moved to the final step, which is adding some interactivity to the website. To make the website personalized, 
I added a feature that asks the user's name and adresses them by their name in the very beginning of the page. I also wanted to make the user experience more engaging by adding 
some animation effects to the hamburger menu button.
Since the website, as well as the movie, tells the story of a couple, I decided to make my website scrollable with no redirections to other pages. This suggests that
the story of the couple's relationship has a linear plot, leading the user to scroll down.

Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.

In the beginning, I did not expect that I will be able to learn JS basics in such a short period of time. However, during the process of learning, my expectations
jumped and I realized that there are so many interactive features that I want to include to my website. Unfortunately, JS turned out to be the hardest part for me and
I was not able to make the website interactive to a great extent. Nevertheless, I managed to create a very nice-looking animation of the menu button. I am satisfied with 
my experience with html except for the pop-up menu button feature which I could not emplement (connecting the list of the links to different parts of the page to the menu button
and making it possible to pop up on top of the main page).

The html part was the easiest to understand and I quickly grasped the concept of div's, as well as other elements. What turned out to be much harder than expected is CSS.
Being more percise, it is the text alignment that took the most of my time. The problem behind this is the fact that I lacked knowledge about the details of each feature
such as position absolute vs relative combined with other features such as movements along the page. I wish I had time to study the flex box feature because it would make the
text alignement process much easier. I am satisfied with the choise of the color theme as well as font, because they do a good job representing the romantic mood of the movie. 